# Medizin-by-Crazy-Coders
Problem : Today, in this pandemic situation all over the world, our lives have become difficult. People are afraid to go out of their homes and they especially don’t want to go to hospitals as there is a high chance of disease spread. This situation is even worst during complete Lockdown situations. Also, on other hand, doctors are facing problems in diagnosing the disease at an early stage. They diagnose based on their knowledge and their experience. But, when a new disease breaks out, it is difficult for them to find out the relation between medical data they get from a healthy person and a patient victimized by the disease. Besides these problems, many people go to hospitals and crowd the place for very small health issues which can be cleared out in a call or chat. And sometimes during an emergency, people always face difficulty finding out doctor available at service to help them out. All these problems call out a need to come up with a technology that would connect both categories of people: medical help seekers and providers together all-time 24/7.

Solution : The Three Main Objective of this idea are: • Providing Medizin Chatbot Service • Providing effective E-consultancy Service • Providing AI Expert to Doctors We have brainstormed our ideas to connect Doctors and Patients who are separated by distance and current pandemic situations. Through this website, Patients can ask their queries to Doctors at any time. Their query will be posted in the doctors circle and the doctor is provided with options to answer the query, report the query and see the medical history of a patient who posted the query etc... The patient can also find out details of doctors who are currently available to help them via call and they can check out the doctor replies to all cases posted on the website publicly and filter replies for their case alone using their unique patient ID. The admin will be given a feature to authorize the patients and doctors on the website.

The AI Expert and Medizin Chatbot module of this idea will add widen the use case of this idea. Using AI Expert, doctors would predict diseases like heart disease, corona based on X-ray scans, etc. based on Machine Learning Models and pre-defined datasets. The Medizin Chatbot will be developed using NLP which would assist patients by providing details required by them like Hospital address, contact, website, and recommend best hospitals near them for EyeCare, etc. on request. It would allow the patient to request a live chat with a doctor from any hospital who is registered on this website. Doctors can accept and answer multiple patients' queries in this Live chat 24*7. They will be paid based on patients review and the number of cases solved in a month. All these features add good value to our Medizin website and it is more likely to eliminate the need of going to hospitals in many families – thus solving the problem defined.

Technologies will be used for implementing this idea : • Html • CSS • Bootstrap • Django • Flask • MongoDB • MySQL • PHP • JavaScript • Machine Learning • Data Visualization

How we Implemented our idea : Our Idea consists of three different modules. Both of us together worked on each module for one-third of the hackathon duration and with our best, we finished our idea implementation on time.

Project Progress: ~ 90% completed

Business Plan: 1. Patients pay consultancy fees for doctors after each V-check-up. Only after they pay, they can continue with the next check-up. (rs. 160 per e-consultancy) 2. Doctors get paid based on the review they get from patients and the number of cases they solved in a particular month. (rs. 135 per e-consultancy) 3. We charge a small and affordable percent of pay on doctors and as well as patients for our profit. (rs.25 per e-consultancy).

With further improvements in the business plan and technical features, we believe that this idea will be a successful product in the market, solving all defined problems.
